Started with creating project
then installed material UI, icons and axios
then configured Header with name
added some CSS to make it big and attractive
then strted woriking on the bottomNavbar
took help from material UI and made changes into their code
Then added routes as trending, movies, series and search
for that used swith buut switches are not supported in newer versions of React-router-dom, so unistalled newwer version and installed the previous version which was supportin switches.

Routed different pages based on the value in the bottomNavbar. If value if 0 then routed trending comp, if value is 1 then routed movies comp. and if value is 2 routed series comp. and if value is 3 routed search component.

Okay now its time to design our trending page.
So we have to render the movies there using API
API is called - The movie database API google it youwll find that.

Make account over there and request the API key.
then make .env file in your application and put react_app_api_key in it.

.env files are used to hid the confidential variables form git push.

after getting the API kwy now we can start woriking on the main trending page.

for that we started by calling the API and it returned one array of data, which have info about the various trending movies.

then we traversed the data array and printed the objects in console.

now to display the these objects on screen we will require one component. so will make SingleContent component which will take some parameters and based on that render the component.

after that added badge component from material UI to display the rating . <Badge badgeContent={vote_average} color = {vote_average>6 ? "primary" : "secondary" } />

after that to move between the pages added pagination component from material UI. and added some custome stylse to it.

Now lets move to the Movies page.
Same logic as the trending page, call the API, store into data array and then by using SingleContent component which we have already made, display that on the movies page.

Then adding genre component to filter out the movies according to the given genre.
for that made one genres component in that added chip component from material UI and called API to get all the genres from movie DB

then started working on the TV series page, whole movie page and tv series page is same having only minor changes.
In API chage movie to tv and then in type of genre to tv and media type in SingleContent to tv. thats it, series page is ready.

Now moving to the search page.
